The-Tag-Element.md, before:

# The `tag` Element

The `tag` element is designed to contain all the information that is useful for generating a JSF Component.

## Examples

```
<tag>
	<tag-name>autoComplete</tag-name>
	<handler-class>com.liferay.faces.alloy.component.autocomplete.internal.AutoCompleteHandler</handler-class>
	<attribute>
		<!-- attribute children here --> 
	</attribute>
	<tag-extension>
		<alloy-ui-modules>autocomplete</alloy-ui-modules>
		<alloy-ui-name>Autocomplete</alloy-ui-name>
		<delegate-component-family><![CDATA["javax.faces.TextRenderer"]]></delegate-component-family>
		<delegate-renderer-type><![CDATA["javax.faces.Text"]]></delegate-renderer-type>
		<extends-tags>clientComponent facesMessageLabelTaglibXMLOnly inputText</extends-tags>
		<extra-style-classes>autocomplete</extra-style-classes>
		<generate-component>true</generate-component>
		<generate-renderer>true</generate-renderer>
		<handler-class-only>false</handler-class-only>
		<parent-class><![CDATA[com.liferay.faces.alloy.component.inputtext.InputTextBase]]></parent-class>
		<renderer-parent-class><![CDATA[com.liferay.faces.alloy.render.internal.DelegatingAlloyRendererBase]]></renderer-parent-class>
		<since>2.0</since>
	</tag-extension>
</tag>
```

```
<tag>
	<tag-name>styleable</tag-name>
	<attribute>
		<!-- attribute children here --> 
	</attribute>
	</tag-extension>
		<generate-java>false</generate-java>
		<generate-taglib-xml>false</generate-taglib-xml>
	</tag-extension>
</tag>
```

## `tag` Child Elements

| `tag` Child Element Name | Description | Required | Default Value |
|--------------------------|-------------|----------|---------------|
| `attribute` | The `<attribute>` element specifies one of the attributes of the tag. A tag may have many `attribute`s. See [*The `attribute` Element* page](https://github.com/stiemannkj1/liferay-faces-generator/wiki/The-Attribute-Element) for more details. | No | None |
| `description` | The `<description>` element specifies a description of the tag. | No | None |
| `handler-class` | The `<handler-class>` element specifies the fully qualified class name of the tag's tag handler. | No | None |
| `tag-extension` | The `<tag-extension>` element specifies information needed to generate the component. See [the *`tag-extension`s* section](https://github.com/stiemannkj1/liferay-faces-generator/wiki/The-Tag-Element#tag-extensions) for more details. | Yes | None |
| `tag-name` | The `<tag-name>` element specifies the tag's name. The name should be specified as CamelCase and begin with a lower case character. | Yes | None |

### `tag-extension`s

| `tag- extension` Child Element Name | Description | Required | Default Value |
|-------------------------------------|-------------|----------|---------------|
| `delegate- component- family` | The `<delegate-component-family>` element specifies the component family of the component's delegate renderer. The delegate component family is a key used with the delegate renderer type to determine which renderer the component will delegate to. | No | If a `delegate- renderer-type` has been specified then `delegate- component-family` defaults to the component's `COMPONENT_FAMILY` constant value. Otherwise there will be no default. |
| `delegate- renderer- type` | The `<delegate-renderer-type>` element specifies the renderer type of the component's delegate renderer. The delegate renderer type is a key used with the delegate component family to determine which renderer the component will delegate to. | No | None |
| `extends- tags` | The `<extends-tags>` element specifies a space separated list of all the tags which the current tag extends from. Extending a tag causes a tag to gain all the attributes of the tag which was extended. As an extra feature, the generator provides the ability to extend tags while setting all the extension attributes from that tag to `<inherited>true</inherited>`. To extend from a tag while making all its attributes inherited, simply append `Inherited` to the end of the tag name. Finally, the generator includes many common tags which are useful to extend in [**`common-tags.xml`**](https://github.com/stiemannkj1/liferay-faces-generator/blob/master/src/main/resources/common-tags.xml). | No | None |
| `extra- style- classes` | The `<extra-style-classes>` element specifies a space separated list of all the CSS classes which should be rendered on this component by default. | No | None |
| `generate- component` | The `<generate-component>` element specifies whether the component Java files for this component will be generated. | No | `false` |
| `generate- java` | The `<generate-java>` element specifies whether the Java files for this component will be generated. Setting `generate-java` to `false` is useful in combination with setting `generate-taglib-xml` to `false` in order to create components which are simply groups of attributes for other components to extend. | No | `false` |
| `generate- renderer` | The `<generate-renderer>` element specifies whether the component Java files for this component will be generated. | No | `false` |
| `generate- taglib- xml` | The `<generate-taglib-xml>` element specifies whether the a tag entry for this component will be generated in the `taglib.xml` file. Setting `generate-taglib-xml` to false is useful for generating components that other components can extend. | No | `false` |
| `handler- class- only` | The `<handler-class-only>` element specifies whether the component is simply a JSF [`TagHandler`](http://docs.oracle.com/javaee/6/api/javax/faces/view/facelets/TagHandler.html) component. If `handler-class-only` is `true`, then the generator will not generate `component-type` or `renderer-type` elements for the tag in the `taglib.xml` file. | No | `false` |
| `parent- class` | The `<parent-class>` element specifies the fully qualified parent class of the generated component's base class. | No | `javax.faces. component. UIComponentBase` |
| `renderer- parent- class` | The `<renderer-parent-class>` element specifies the fully qualified parent class of the generated component's renderer base class. | No | `javax.faces. render.Renderer` |
| `since` | The `<since>` element specifies the first version in which the tag was available for the purpose of generating [`<vdldoc:since>`](https://github.com/omnifaces/vdldoc/wiki/vdldoc:since) documentation. | No | If the `taglib-extension` `default-since` element has been specified, then `since` will default to the value of `default-since`. If not, it defaults to `1.0.0`. |

### `tag-extension`s for [Liferay Faces Alloy Components](https://github.com/liferay/liferay-faces-alloy/tree/master/alloy/src/main/java/com/liferay/faces/alloy/component)

| `tag- extension` Child Element Name | Description | Required | Default Value |
|-------------------------------------|-------------|----------|---------------|
| `alloy- ui- modules` | The `<alloy-ui-modules>` element specifies the [AlloyUI JavaScript modules](http://alloyui.com/versions/2.0.x/api/) of the component. If this element exists, the component renderer base file will be generated via the [`AlloyComponentRendererBase.java.ftl` template](https://github.com/stiemannkj1/liferay-faces-generator/blob/master/src/main/resources/templates/AlloyComponentRendererBase.java.ftl) rather than the [`ComponentRendererBase.java.ftl` template](https://github.com/stiemannkj1/liferay-faces-generator/blob/master/src/main/resources/templates/ComponentRendererBase.java.ftl). | No | None |
| `alloy-ui- name` | The `<alloy-ui-name>` element specifies the name of the [AlloyUI JavaScript component](http://alloyui.com/versions/2.0.x/api/) which the JSF component will render. | No | If an `alloy-ui- module` has been specified, this defaults to the name of the tag, otherwise there is no default. |

Commit message:

Add <generate-null-check-decode-method> documentation

The-Tag-Element.md, after:

# The `tag` Element

The `tag` element is designed to contain all the information that is useful for generating a JSF Component.

## Examples

```
<tag>
	<tag-name>autoComplete</tag-name>
	<handler-class>com.liferay.faces.alloy.component.autocomplete.internal.AutoCompleteHandler</handler-class>
	<attribute>
		<!-- attribute children here --> 
	</attribute>
	<tag-extension>
		<alloy-ui-modules>autocomplete</alloy-ui-modules>
		<alloy-ui-name>Autocomplete</alloy-ui-name>
		<delegate-component-family><![CDATA["javax.faces.TextRenderer"]]></delegate-component-family>
		<delegate-renderer-type><![CDATA["javax.faces.Text"]]></delegate-renderer-type>
		<extends-tags>clientComponent facesMessageLabelTaglibXMLOnly inputText</extends-tags>
		<extra-style-classes>autocomplete</extra-style-classes>
		<generate-component>true</generate-component>
		<generate-renderer>true</generate-renderer>
		<handler-class-only>false</handler-class-only>
		<parent-class><![CDATA[com.liferay.faces.alloy.component.inputtext.InputTextBase]]></parent-class>
		<renderer-parent-class><![CDATA[com.liferay.faces.alloy.render.internal.DelegatingAlloyRendererBase]]></renderer-parent-class>
		<since>2.0</since>
	</tag-extension>
</tag>
```

```
<tag>
	<tag-name>styleable</tag-name>
	<attribute>
		<!-- attribute children here --> 
	</attribute>
	</tag-extension>
		<generate-java>false</generate-java>
		<generate-taglib-xml>false</generate-taglib-xml>
	</tag-extension>
</tag>
```

## `tag` Child Elements

| `tag` Child Element Name | Description | Required | Default Value |
|--------------------------|-------------|----------|---------------|
| `attribute` | The `<attribute>` element specifies one of the attributes of the tag. A tag may have many `attribute`s. See [*The `attribute` Element* page](https://github.com/stiemannkj1/liferay-faces-generator/wiki/The-Attribute-Element) for more details. | No | None |
| `description` | The `<description>` element specifies a description of the tag. | No | None |
| `handler-class` | The `<handler-class>` element specifies the fully qualified class name of the tag's tag handler. | No | None |
| `tag-extension` | The `<tag-extension>` element specifies information needed to generate the component. See [the *`tag-extension`s* section](https://github.com/stiemannkj1/liferay-faces-generator/wiki/The-Tag-Element#tag-extensions) for more details. | Yes | None |
| `tag-name` | The `<tag-name>` element specifies the tag's name. The name should be specified as CamelCase and begin with a lower case character. | Yes | None |

### `tag-extension`s

| `tag- extension` Child Element Name | Description | Required | Default Value |
|-------------------------------------|-------------|----------|---------------|
| `delegate- component- family` | The `<delegate-component-family>` element specifies the component family of the component's delegate renderer. The delegate component family is a key used with the delegate renderer type to determine which renderer the component will delegate to. | No | If a `delegate- renderer-type` has been specified then `delegate- component-family` defaults to the component's `COMPONENT_FAMILY` constant value. Otherwise there will be no default. |
| `delegate- renderer- type` | The `<delegate-renderer-type>` element specifies the renderer type of the component's delegate renderer. The delegate renderer type is a key used with the delegate component family to determine which renderer the component will delegate to. | No | None |
| `extends- tags` | The `<extends-tags>` element specifies a space separated list of all the tags which the current tag extends from. Extending a tag causes a tag to gain all the attributes of the tag which was extended. As an extra feature, the generator provides the ability to extend tags while setting all the extension attributes from that tag to `<inherited>true</inherited>`. To extend from a tag while making all its attributes inherited, simply append `Inherited` to the end of the tag name. Finally, the generator includes many common tags which are useful to extend in [**`common-tags.xml`**](https://github.com/stiemannkj1/liferay-faces-generator/blob/master/src/main/resources/common-tags.xml). | No | None |
| `extra- style- classes` | The `<extra-style-classes>` element specifies a space separated list of all the CSS classes which should be rendered on this component by default. | No | None |
| `generate- component` | The `<generate-component>` element specifies whether the component Java files for this component will be generated. | No | `false` |
| `generate- java` | The `<generate-java>` element specifies whether the Java files for this component will be generated. Setting `generate-java` to `false` is useful in combination with setting `generate-taglib-xml` to `false` in order to create components which are simply groups of attributes for other components to extend. | No | `false` |
| `generate- null- check- decode- method` | The `<generate-null-check-decode-method>` element specifies whether a `decode()` method which converts submitted `null` values to `""` should be generated in the `RendererBase`. | No | `false` |
| `generate- renderer` | The `<generate-renderer>` element specifies whether the component Java files for this component will be generated. | No | `false` |
| `generate- taglib- xml` | The `<generate-taglib-xml>` element specifies whether the a tag entry for this component will be generated in the `taglib.xml` file. Setting `generate-taglib-xml` to false is useful for generating components that other components can extend. | No | `false` |
| `handler- class- only` | The `<handler-class-only>` element specifies whether the component is simply a JSF [`TagHandler`](http://docs.oracle.com/javaee/6/api/javax/faces/view/facelets/TagHandler.html) component. If `handler-class-only` is `true`, then the generator will not generate `component-type` or `renderer-type` elements for the tag in the `taglib.xml` file. | No | `false` |
| `parent- class` | The `<parent-class>` element specifies the fully qualified parent class of the generated component's base class. | No | `javax.faces. component. UIComponentBase` |
| `renderer- parent- class` | The `<renderer-parent-class>` element specifies the fully qualified parent class of the generated component's renderer base class. | No | `javax.faces. render.Renderer` |
| `since` | The `<since>` element specifies the first version in which the tag was available for the purpose of generating [`<vdldoc:since>`](https://github.com/omnifaces/vdldoc/wiki/vdldoc:since) documentation. | No | If the `taglib-extension` `default-since` element has been specified, then `since` will default to the value of `default-since`. If not, it defaults to `1.0.0`. |

### `tag-extension`s for [Liferay Faces Alloy Components](https://github.com/liferay/liferay-faces-alloy/tree/master/alloy/src/main/java/com/liferay/faces/alloy/component)

| `tag- extension` Child Element Name | Description | Required | Default Value |
|-------------------------------------|-------------|----------|---------------|
| `alloy- ui- modules` | The `<alloy-ui-modules>` element specifies the [AlloyUI JavaScript modules](http://alloyui.com/versions/2.0.x/api/) of the component. If this element exists, the component renderer base file will be generated via the [`AlloyComponentRendererBase.java.ftl` template](https://github.com/stiemannkj1/liferay-faces-generator/blob/master/src/main/resources/templates/AlloyComponentRendererBase.java.ftl) rather than the [`ComponentRendererBase.java.ftl` template](https://github.com/stiemannkj1/liferay-faces-generator/blob/master/src/main/resources/templates/ComponentRendererBase.java.ftl). | No | None |
| `alloy-ui- name` | The `<alloy-ui-name>` element specifies the name of the [AlloyUI JavaScript component](http://alloyui.com/versions/2.0.x/api/) which the JSF component will render. | No | If an `alloy-ui- module` has been specified, this defaults to the name of the tag, otherwise there is no default. |
